and let me also remind you Samy that
people um evacuate and flee their houses
without taking like even their food so
people start looking from scratch for
food for stock of food and this is why
it's very miserable and also the
situation where people are evacuating
and garbage is everywhere sewage is
everywhere and and and it's very hard it
I think there's something going on um
there's toothing around us H shall we
let you you take cover I think I
think yes
yes hind I think we're going to let you
take cover and when things settle down
and you're safe we come back to
you let's take you back to Gaza where
we're now getting reports of a shooting
outside the luxa hospital it's go to
hind she's of course in in central Gaza
and hind what can you tell us we saw
some very dramatic pictures just a
moment ago what's happening
there well we still do not know what's
happening but it's it's it's it's it's
more of a an incident between uh people
between each other and this is comes on
the psychological warfare that's
currently going happening in Gaza we're
talking about a complete chaos there has
been no policemen we're talking about
nine months of War where people are
shattered across the streets there has
been no policeman there has been a lot
of uh dangerous incidents happening
other than air strikes and other than
the artillery shutting and this is this
was one of the main uh things that we um
observed especially after every time uh
policemen go out on the streets and
start um um organizing stuff the Israeli
forces have been targeting all of the
policemen and uh and policeman cars
around the STP so that's why this is one
of the few incidents that is happening
every a couple of days and it's it's
it's very sad that it's it's happening
it's adding more sorrow and more grief
and more misery to the lives of
Palestinian but imagine um a place
without any policemen without anyone
organizing people are all displaced uh
scattered across the street they have
been no like it it it's all due to the
continuous displacement that's happening
and it's all uh the reason of this war
and the ongoing of this war and just to
clarify did you say h that there was an
incident there was a shooting incident
between people between people
there well actually all I saw is people
covering their faces with guns um um
shooting at each other I don't really
know who these people are and that's why
my te and I try to take cover on the
side but again I told you this has been
one of the few incidents but it's also
very dangerous because alaka hospital is
not only a hospital there are hundreds
of families currently seeking Refuge
taking refuge in this hospital and there
are a lot of children
too we're looking at uh some pictures
hind as we're talking to you it seems
people are are mulling around do you
have any sense of whether things are
back to normal or whether there is some
kind of of situation that is still
ongoing there of course we should yes I
think I think in the couple of minutes
everything's going to get back normal
some people are volunteering and
initiating to put this uh um to put this
to an end but uh but people are
horrified they do not know what's
happening and also I told you that we're
talking about a displacement makeshift
Camp hospital where a lot of children
and Palestinians are here so it's going
to take a little bit of time so people
will feel relaxed again and to move
normally back
again all right thanks so much hind will
let you gather some more information
about what's happening there no doubt
will'll be coming back to you
again make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get latest news from aler